# α.Philosophy
<i>“Everything must be made as simple as possible. But not simpler.”</i> ― <b>Albert Einstein</b>.

Philosophy, is the study of the fundamental nature of existence, reality, beliefs and knowledge, especially when considered as a theory or attitude that acts as a guiding principle for acting behaviour. It's also associated with some mental judgement and coming out as an art and sentiment of mathematics, which can give us a capability to justice the subject. That's why I am thinking by using some bits of quantum nature of my mind, so what's the really hell about the <b>Beauty</b>.

Let's think about the beauty and hell of it. Needed, what? Yeah, just know, I think so. Please go inside that, with the help of again a confusion and little support of philosophical thinking. Please wait, I have written exactly 9 Theorem(s), to not guide just to confuse and give exactly as a knowledge, what is that and this ― "Yes Beauty".

What you're thinking, I have really taken it as a stupid promise, No ― Dear ― No. Please continue about the philosophical theorem not the mathatical one. Okay, so what is the beauty, can I cantinue with Oh! Reader. Don't say, yes to me. Say, strongly to you.

Heah, not now, I am judging you ― you're thinking? Okay, Let's start.

¶ <b>Theorem(s)</b>:

<b>1.</b> In nature, there is only one possibility and that is <b>Beauty</b>.

<b>Proof.</b> The Nature is the art of thought and philosophy to engineer it, due to an empirical and chemical formula. I think, it is not addressed to a confusion! So, what is exact? The exactness or absoluteness is the corrections of what is built before? Again, so what is built maybe the primary one; people thinking the first one. Now, what is exactly about my said?

¶ <b>The beauty or nature</b><i>!</i>

<b>Contradiction.</b> Whenever, Beauty is natural and Nature is Beauty, moves going on driven by the way of thoughts.

<b>Proof.</b> Beauty coherent with the nature and nature is native Beauty.

<b>2.</b> Each and every creations of mother nature have Beauty.

<b>Lemma.</b> Mother Nature or Nature, is the parent of the basic or inherent imposed features that can expose the characteristics of essential qualified quantities to caused to be natural. Mother Nature, have the not limited to only philosophy to create with mathematical equations, after that to regulates the created creations; developed the rules and regulations, own "Laws of Nature".

<b>Observation.</b> The Nature has been committed, the job of risky payload. When, it was ignited the concept of creations with their own satisfactional philosophy — "The Universe" is came in to the existence with the "Laws of Nature". The symmetrical nature of the beauty is assembled with the each and every creations, that is self-explanatory.

<b>Proof.</b> Each and every creations of the nature, is coherent with the beauty and their own associated laws. If I am thinking; about a water and their droplets — a life supporting molecule and geometrically, conformationally, structurally and philosophically engineered to act as a native nature of itself beauty, respectively. <b><i>"</i>Thoughtful<i>"</i></b>.

<b>3.</b> <b>Beauty</b> is associated with the creations.

<b>Corollary.</b> <b>Beauty</b> is a compact form of an explanation of the unbiased conformation.

<b>Proof.</b> <b>Beauty</b> is a conformation, unbiased and uniform. Working and explaining, their own geometry to not to be not Beauty.

<b>4.</b> Each and every creations have an art and driving force behind that is thought.

<b>Proof.</b>

<b>5.</b> Each and every thought need philosophy, and it retains the possibility of mathematical equations.

<b>Proof.</b>

<b>6.</b> In nature, each and every creations have equations.

<b>Proof.</b>

<b>7.</b> <b>Beauty</b> driven by a mathematical equations.

<b>Lemma.</b> Beauty is limited, or limited to the Beauty.

<b>Proof.</b>

<b>8.</b> <b>Beauty</b> is unit less.

<b>Proof.</b> According to the philosophy, can't say it have to a unit. It is just a thought of a proactive mind. So, exactly it is a unit less.

<b>Lemma.</b> The unit always belongs to a science, namely Physics. Accordingly, physics needed a bless of unit to explain the blessed coherence of it. And, philosophy don't needed the same dimensions of the thought.

<b>Proof.</b> ¶ <i>Beauty is a stereochemistry, related to undefective nature of the elements</i>.

<b>9.</b> <b>Beauty</b> is a philosophy.

<b>Proof.</b> Due to English vocabulary and grammar, the meaning of Beauty is a philosophy related noun. And philosophy, knows what is the aesthetic senses of it. So, not agreed I think?

<b>Observation.</b> Whenever, Beauty said through the expressions and their characteristics; explaining the nature. The nature of the beauty only forecasting the budgets for explaining the what's going on with decisions. To observe, senses working as an operator, to become the operational — to do more operations. That's it — 💯%?

<b>Contradiction.</b> I am confused sure about that.
